# schavez100.github.io
Research and review the various ways you could use Heroku to implement a CI solution. Describe where the various technologies Heroku has to offer fit into each of the testing environments. Document a possible approach on how to use it for your next "online game project". Submit this as a .md page on your github.io site.

Starting Reference: https://www.heroku.com/flow

You can use Heroku to test in disposable environments. These environments can be configured for flexiblity and demanding uses. Or it can detect and run tests without and configuration. You can run tests, fix any errors, and re-run the tests with the the latest update to the test. Using add-ons can provide plans for temporary deployments allowing for an easier and faster CI process.
Development Environments can use Heroku by running a test then making changes to the code when they notice an error important enough to correct then updating their build and run the test again. This can be very useful when doing unit testing. Heroku in QA Environment can be used in smoke testing(checking if main features work properly without messing with other stuff), making fixes, and regression testing of the current version of a build works the same way after it was changed. The Staging/Pilot Environment uses Heroku to validate a change made within a build. Finally in Production Environment, Heroku can be used to finally add a change in the build to the master version and be used on a publicly accessible network or server.
A possible approach on how I would uses Heroku for my next "online game project" might be using it in order of the testing environments. Development for making the body of the code and testing that it works. Adding or changing any code would be included in the next build. Doing some unit testing. Then move on to QA to test for major and any new features in my game adding fixes along the way. Checking if the build works like the previous version. Use staging/pilot to validate any changes into the master build. Then finally in production implement the new build to the public after it has been acceptance tested.
